# Equilibrium
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:

-This project was built over the framework given in the pset9, Finance. It proposes to work as a planner, with a calendar and todo lists, but including some features of self care. The idea behind it is to have in the same place, a website that helps you to organize your time in a balanced way. In the same place you can go from work to self care and organized not only your productive time, but the time taken for yourself.
This project has a strong connection to the slow living lifestyle and intends to think of productivity without feeding hustle culture.
-In order of possible use. The first page would be *register.html*, that add the username and its password to a sqlite table. After registration, the user is forwarded to the *login.html* page (from cs50 finance code). After logging in, the user is forwarded to a *index.html* page, where there will be four tables, one showing hers/his reminders for that day, one showing hers/his tasks for due that day, one showing hers/his tasks for that week (from that day till sunday) and one showing long tasks that are due to that month and in which she/he may have to work on that day.
-The length of a task is one of the fields that have to filled in in the *tasks.html*. In this page the user can add tasks to a to do list, as well as set them to completed and delete tasks - this last tow functions where based on a tutorial called *Python Flask Beginner Tutorial - Todo App - Crash Course*
-To add a task the user has to name the task, to add a due date (so the task will appear in *calendar.html* and in the index page), and a duration - being that the user can choose between 'hour','day' and 'week' and set a number for this option (day: 2) -,  the user may also add details for the taks and they will appear in the to do list, in the *tasks.html* file, and in some tables of the *index.html* page.
-The filled up task will be added to the *tasks* table in the *equilibrium.db* and if a task's duration is longer than seven days it will be added to the *monthTasks* table, and it will appear in the Month's Tasks in the *index.html* if the month of the due date and of the month of access is the same.
-The idea is that a long task will have the user working on it for many days and, instead of adding it in a to do list every day the user may add it only once and be reminded of it daily till the month chances - if completed it will still appear, but show as completed.
-The *reminder.html* file has, in it's post method the option to add a reminder, with a due date and optional details. Also it had the option to delete a reminder, but not update, since we assume that a reminder has no completion feature, only "coming" and "gone". A reminder inputted in the file will be added to the *reminders* table, and it will appear in the *index* page, in the *calendar* and in the *reminders.html* page in a table under the form.
-The *calendar.html* file show tasks and reminders and its based on another tutorial, called Using *FullCalendar.js in Flask - Python Backend #1*.
-The *timer.html* page is a tomato timer based on a youtube tutorial on how to make a hit workout app. The page contains a form, where the user will choose for how many minutes she/he will be working/studying and for how many minutes she/he will be resting, as well as how many sets of this she/he plans to do that day. After submitting the form this data is sent to the *work.html* page, where the user will find a countdown timer with a bar that is also decreasing.
-Once the timer hits 00:00 the user is forwarded to the *break.html* page, where there will be another timer very similar from the work/study timer and, once the break timer hits 00:00, the user will be, either sent to a *work.html* page, or to a *completed.html* page - that simply contain how many sets where done and the word *congratulations*.
-As for the self care options, the framework is similar. In the page *selfcare.html* the user can add tasks with details and she/he can mark then as completed and delete them.
-In the *meditation.html* the user will find a form, in which to inform for how many minutes she/he intends to maditate and how long the break after meditation will be. By pressing submit the user is fowarded to the *meditationDuration.htm* page, where the user will find a count down and a degreasing bar. As the countdown hits 00:00 the user will be forwarded to *meditationInterval.html* for a break (also a countdown) and from there to *meditationComplete.html*, where there is only the phrase 'feeling better?'.
-Another self care feature is the *journaling.html* page, where the user can add a journal about her/his day and thouths. This input will be added to a table called *journal*. Moreover, the user may query this table and seek old entries, that will be shown in the *oldentrys.html* page.

-The files: login.html, logout.html, apology.html, layout.html and helpers.py are from cs50 finance distribution code. The *apology.html* file is shown to the user when there is some input in a form that must be informed and must be redone, or when there is some other error. In the helper.py file ther is the *login required* function and the *apology* function.
-The *application.py* holds most of the functions used in the project. The *style.css* has some of the code for the design of the project, but mostly the project uses bootstrap. The *Equilibrium.png* and *flower.ico* are, in that order, a logo made on canvas for this project and an icon for the header.

-https://studio.youtube.com/video/NCDGp-Zziaw/edit